[7/8/2013] - Story Planning (initial thoughts and ideas)

You are a young boy born and raised in your home town of medieval Tenswitch. You are made to fight in the upcoming war
in order to free your younger brother who was captured during a village raid. As you progress through the story,
you learn more about yourself then ever before, but you also learn that the ones who raided your village are
members of a secret society known as The Forming, and are plotting to destroy anything and anyone that fails
to follow their law. Although noone seems to know anything about this society, they are everywhere. The local
cheese maker is even a suspect in your eyes. Trust No One!

Level Based System. Fight Monsters and gain experience points which are then used to level up. Each fight you
will gain some sort of berserker ability points which will allow you to have increased power for a certain
period of time.

Three main classes:

	Archer/Rogue: Agile, cunning and mysterious. They are seen to be able to "ambush" enemies quite
		      easily. They rely on Dexterity, which allows them to sneak in the odd "lucky shot".
		      They can hit more often then any other class in one turn, but the strength of these
		      attacks is quite low. They do however, have a high chance of hitting a critical.

	Warrior:      Strong, armored swordsman willing to server who ever is in charge. Not the smartest
		      bunch, however they do pack quite a punch. They are relatively slow but this is
		      obviously made up for with there strong armor and swords, capable of dealing quite
		      high damage. They rely on Strength to hit their maximum.

	Magician:     Intelligent beings focused on the magical arts. They are very smart and knowledgable
		      making them quite the opponant (or ally). They have weak armor (they wear robes...)
		      which makes them vulnerable to attacks, however, they have the ability to perform
		      multiple spells rendering the opponants useless for a certain period of time. \
		      They rely on intellect to build up their magical knowledge base.

All classes will tend to be evenly match, with almost identical DPS (damage per second). However their is some
what of a combat triangle which should be implemented. 

	Mages > Warriors > Archers
	^------------------------

Shops are accesible through out every major city, and small town. Shops selling the "best" equipment will usually
be located on side roads. Towns and shops will sell general armor, with no added bonuses besides the defaults for
that level. Enchantments can only be found by monsters and these enchantments are based on the monsters strengths.
Enchantments are known as elixirs, which are added to the item of choice through an "enchanting window"

Four types of elixirs:
	
	Weapon elixir: For weapons
	armor elixir: For armor
	shield elixir: For shields
	accessory elixir: For jewellery

Due to the fear struck by the "evil ones", a dummy set up by the secret society to strike fear into the hearts of
regular civilians, each town is only ever accesible by a portal. Each portal is well guarded.

I plan on making it a "Choose Your Own Destiny" type of game, to an extent. You can be hated by one town and word
will spread to other towns. You will have to undergo certain tasks to gain back respect. If you are hated by the
towns, there is a chance that you will be accepted into the secret society. If you are like by every town, there
is also a chance you will be accepted as part of the Royal League, a league of legends obliged to defend the towns
people.

Each town will have their own characteristics...
	